Add initial feature support (#6)
teritorio/maplibre-gl-teritorio-cluster: README.md

- [TeritorioCluster](#teritoriocluster)
  - [Parameters](#parameters)
  - [Options](#options)
  - [addEventListener](#addeventlistener)

### TeritorioCluster

Create a new Maplibre GL JS plugin for feature (cluster / individual marker) rendering

#### Parameters
| Name      | Type                                                               | Description                                          | Required | Default value |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| map     | [`Map`](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js/docs/API/classes/Map/) | The Map object represents the map on your page       | ✅        | ❌             |

> | source  | `string`                                                           | The ID of the vector tile or GeoJSON source to query | ✅        | ❌             |

Reviewer: If can be a GeoJSON, is not a String, but an object ?

Author: It cannot be a GeoJSON, we are talking about an ID referencing a vector tile OR GeoJSON source. So it's always a string.
Ref: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js/docs/API/classes/Map/#querysourcefeatures

Author: maybe I can rename `source` by `sourceId` in order to clarify the purpose of the field and to stick with Maplibre definition ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sourceId  | `string`                                                           | The ID of the source. Should be a vector source, preferably of type GeoJSON and not vector tiles | ✅        | ❌             |
```
